Add more documentation on referencing terms (#167)
typst-community/glossarium: README.md

You can call this function from anywhere in your document.

## Referencing terms

> Referencing terms can be done by different means/interfaces. The function with the largest flexibility is `gls`. All others are shortcuts populated with different default parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referencing terms can be done in different ways. The function with the largest flexibility is `gls`. All others are shortcuts populated with different default parameters.
```

```typ
// Referencing the OIDC term using gls
#gls("oidc")
// Displaying the long form forcibly
#gls("oidc", long: true)
// Do not add a link
#gls("oidc", link: false)
// Do not update the usage count. If done on first use, the next reference will trigger printing the full version.
#gls("oidc", update: false)
```

The graph below is an overview of the available interface groups and their individual functions/modifiers. 

```mermaid
graph TD;
    gls;
    gls-x["**Access values**"<br>-----------------<br>gls-key<br>gls-short<br>gls-artshort<br>gls-plural<br>gls-long<br>gls-artlong<br>gls-longplural<br>gls-description<br>gls-group<br>gls-sort<br>gls-custom];
    xgls["**Capitalizing, <br>Article, Plural**"<br>-----------------<br>Gls<br>agls<br>Agls<br>glspl<br>Glspl];

>     at-syntax["**@ syntax <br> modifiers**"<br>-----------------<br>:pl<br>:short<br>:long<br>:description<br>:longplural<br>:custom];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    at-syntax["**@key syntax <br> modifiers**"<br>-----------------<br>@key:pl<br>@Key<br>@Key:pl<br>@key:short<br>@key:long<br>@key:description<br>@key:longplural<br>@key:custom];
```

    gls --> gls-x;
    gls --> xgls;
    gls --> at-syntax;
```

> Examples usaging the typst reference syntax (`@` syntax)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, you will want to use Typst reference syntax (`@` syntax). This is the most practical way to reference an entry. By default, some shorthands are made available: plural, capitalize, capitalized plural, short and long. More are available: description, longplural and custom corresponding respectively to `@key:description`, `@key:longplural` and `@key:custom`.

This setting is managed when you print the glossary
```typ
print-glossary(
  entry-list,
  // default shorthands
  shorthands: ("plural", "capitalize", "capitalize-plural", "short", "long"),
)
```
```

```typ
// Prints the full version on first usage, short afterwards
@oidc
// Will always display the long version 
@oidc:long
// Display the plural form
@oidc:pl
```

> The different interfaces have different default parameters which you should keep in mind when using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different interfaces have different default parameters which you should keep in mind when using them. In most cases, you will not need to manually set `update: false`, unless you are using `gls` in situations that create ambiguity, e.g., using `gls` in other entries' description.
```

> | Interface                                     | `update` | `link`  |
> | --------------------------------------------- | :------: | :-----: |
> | `gls`                                         | `true`   | `true`  |
> | Access values<br>(`gls-short`, ...)           | `false`  | `false` |
> | Capitalizing, article, plural<br>(`Gls`, ...) | `true`   | `true`  |
> | Reference syntax<br>(`@oidc:pl`, ...)         | `true`   | `true`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Interface                                     | `update` | `link`  |
| --------------------------------------------- | :------: | :-----: |
| `gls`, `Gls`, `glspl`, etc.                   | `true`   | `true`  |
| Access values<br>(`gls-short`, ...)           | `false`  | `false` |
| Reference syntax<br>(`@oidc:pl`, ...)         | `true`   | `true`  |
```

The third row is actually just `gls` with different arguments
